#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
babel==2.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.14.5
    # via cryptography
chardet==4.0.0
    # via requests
cryptography==3.4.7
    # via social-auth-core
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
distro==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==2.2.28
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-filter
    #   django-geojson
    #   django-helusers
    #   django-leaflet
    #   django-modeltranslation
    #   django-mptt
    #   django-munigeo
    #   django-reversion
    #   django-sendfile
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-oidc-auth
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   jsonfield
django-autoslug==1.9.8
    # via -r requirements.in
django-ckeditor==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==3.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-enumfields==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.4.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-geojson==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-helusers==0.5.6
    # via -r requirements.in
django-js-asset==1.2.2
    # via
    #   django-ckeditor
    #   django-mptt
django-leaflet==0.27.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-modeltranslation==0.16.2
    # via django-munigeo
django-mptt==0.12.0
    # via django-munigeo
django-munigeo==0.2.26
    # via -r requirements.in
django-nested-admin==3.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-parler==2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-reversion==3.0.9
    # via -r requirements.in
django-sendfile==0.3.11
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-oidc-auth
drf-nested-routers==0.93.3
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-oidc-auth==0.10.0
    # via django-helusers
easy-thumbnails==2.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
ecdsa==0.14.1
    # via python-jose
future==0.18.2
    # via pyjwkest
idna==2.10
    # via requests
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
langdetect==1.0.8
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml==4.8.0
    # via python-pptx
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
pillow==9.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   python-pptx
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2==2.8.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pycryptodomex==3.14.1
    # via pyjwkest
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via drf-oidc-auth
pyjwt==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   social-auth-core
python-jose==3.2.0
    # via django-helusers
python-monkey-business==1.0.0
    # via django-nested-admin
python-pptx==0.6.21
    # via -r requirements.in
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via social-auth-core
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   babel
    #   django
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via django-munigeo
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   django-helusers
    #   django-munigeo
    #   pyjwkest
    #   requests-cache
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
requests-cache==0.5.2
    # via django-munigeo
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via social-auth-core
rsa==4.7.2
    # via python-jose
sentry-sdk==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   django-modeltranslation
    #   django-munigeo
    #   django-nested-admin
    #   ecdsa
    #   langdetect
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-jose
    #   python-monkey-business
    #   social-auth-app-django
social-auth-app-django==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
social-auth-core==4.1.0
    # via social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via django
urllib3==1.26.5
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
whitenoise==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
xlsxwriter==1.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-pptx
